# CAPTIVE
Written as a method for tangible data exploration, this source code generates and tracks an augmented reality cube. Data is projected within the cube and may be interacted with utilizing a haptic feedback pen. Tracking of the physical cube is accomplished with four color markers mapped to the vertices. Colors are arranged to create a distinct arrangement for each external face of the cube, and orientation of specific vertices is verified through determining the blob area of specific color masks. Each scene consists of actors which may also maintain their own specific properties, calculations, and processes.

Tracking and scene rendering are accomplished with separate threads. Notice that no thread-locking mechanism is incorporated within the prototype. We assume that scene rendering only reads from shared memory. Further, we make the assumption that cube tracking constantly updates virtual orientation, and each subsequent "write" operation merely produces a more accurate estimate. Cube tracking is not dependent upon scene rendering applications. Therefore, we eliminate all concerns for "write-after-write", "write-after-read", and "read-after-write" errors.

Now, it should be noted that current implementations of this code are no longer accessable. Future iterations of this code source were focused on improved performance. To overcome parallelism issues associated with the global interpreter lock, this code base was rewritten in C++, under the C11 standard. Much of the structure remained the same, though minor improvements to task processing were implemented for use with experimentation.
